Withdrawals and Refunds Policy
July 2020
Version 2
REFUNDS AND WITHDRAWALS POLICY
1. Situations may arise where a student choses to withdraw from a course or from the
University. These policies and procedures provide the financial regulations governing
this.
2. New students who require a visa to study in the UK are not normally eligible for a refund
of deposits or fees. However if a visa denial letter from the UKVI is issued and
forwarded to the Finance Department within four weeks, deposits and fees will be
refunded.
3. For existing students to be eligible for a tuition refund, the student must have
completed fully and within the necessary time frame the University’s requirements for
payment and withdrawal. To withdraw, a student must complete the University’s
withdrawal form (see Undergraduate/Postgraduate Progression Policy). Any student in
receipt of U.S Federal Loans must complete the U.S government’s Exit Counselling.
Information on this can be provided at the University’s Office of Financial Aid.
4. Where refunds are possible, they will be made only when the student has followed and
correctly completed all of the University’s rules and procedures prior to the request of a
refund. This includes the payment of the application fee. No refunds of deposits or fees
will be made if a student is dismissed from the University on the grounds of academic
misconduct, breach of the Student Code of Conduct, or failure to make academic
progress.
Confirmation Deposits (US students only)
5. The only time a US confirmation deposit is refundable or transferable is when a student
is refused a student visa to enter the UK1. The confirmation deposit refund policy for
visa denials is:
• Deposited students not appealing the decision – the confirmation deposit will be
refunded only if the University receives a copy of the visa refusal letter within
four weeks of the date of issue.
• Deposited students appealing the decision – the student must send the
University a copy of the visa denial letter and written notice of the intention to
appeal within four weeks of the visa denial.
Housing Refunds
6. Once housing is applied for and granted, the fee payer is liable for the full amount of the
housing, even if the student withdraws or takes an approved LOA or is dismissed from
housing for disciplinary reasons. Housing deposits and fees will be refunded if a student
is denied a visa to enter the United Kingdom.
1 with the exception of Fall 20/Spring 21 the deposit may be refundable due to Covid-19 conditions

Withdrawals and Refunds Policy
July 2020
Version 2
Tuition Refunds: Existing Students
7. Tuition is refundable for all students who complete the University’s process of
withdrawal or LOA appropriately and in the time frames specified. The amount of refund
depends on when the withdrawal process is completed:
Fall and Spring Semesters
Prior to 5pm on the Friday before Orientation Week 100% refund
By 5pm on the Friday of Orientation Week 75% refund
By 5pm on the Friday of the First Week of Classes 50% refund
Thereafter 0% refund
Summer Sessions
Prior to 5pm on the Friday before the first week of classes 100% refund
By 5pm on the last day of add/drop period 50% refund
Thereafter 0% refund
8. Students on a payment plan should note that the percentage refund is the percentage of
the full tuition price. Students changing from full time to part time status are liable to
the refund levels and timetable as detailed above.
SPECIAL FEE CONDITIONS FOR POSTGRADUATES
9. The following terms and conditions are specific to Postgraduate students, otherwise all
terms and conditions between postgraduates and undergraduates are identical.
10. Fees are payable in UK Pounds Sterling.
11. Payments are due in three equal instalments:
• 1st August (Fall semester),
• 1st December (Spring semester),
• 1st May (Summer semester).
12. A 100% refund will be made for tuition fees less any confirmation deposit f an official
withdrawal is made before 5pm on the Friday before the first week of classes in the Fall
semester. Thereafter, no refunds are made.
13. However, if the University has issued a Confirmation of Acceptance for Studies (CAS) and
a student visa has been issued there will be no refunds of tuition or housing fees.
14. Postgraduates enter into a two semester accommodation contract (Fall and Spring).
Accommodation for the Summer semester can be arranged and paid for by the week in
accommodation of the University’s choosing. No refunds are available for
accommodation.

Withdrawals and Refunds Policy
July 2020
Version 2
VERSION MANAGEMENT
Responsible Department:
Approving body: Academic Board
Version no. Key Changes Date of Date of effect
approval
001 24 July 2018 28 August 2018
002 Typos corrected 06 July 2020 1 September 2020
Footnote added
Restricted access?
Tick as appropriate Yes ☒ No
☐

